# Journal

Delusions of a software engineer. Be advice, don't follow the non-sense I'm writing here.
Also, this is a relax exercise. I don't check for grammar. Deal with it.

## 2/23/2021 7:12PM MST
I'm burned out after a long day of work, jogging, cleaning the apartment and such.
I don't even know why I'm writing this journal right now. I should be reading a book 
or playing a game for all I know.

The reason I'm writing this entry is to share why I did this project in the first place.
For those who follow me, you know that I'm working on Azure. Lets just say that in \
these months I added some DevOps skills under my belt. 

Part of my job, requires to do modifications to a Data Factory and there is an issue that 
bothers me a lot. The fields displayed in the debug panels are autogenerated. This means
that the autofill of the browser doesn't work on them. Do you have an idea how annoying
is to have to copy-and-paste from a document the values inside those fields each time
I want do run a damn test? It gets old quite fast! That's the reason I did this extension. 

After a long day of work, I'm always lazy. So, I built this extension as fast as I could.
I wanted to share with anyone in the company without having to send zip files for them to load.

Therefore, I paid the U$S 5.00 to Google and created all the annoying icons and images.
I got I wish they smart up and create a tool to facilitate the creation of all the icons and such.
Since they didn't have it for the extension, I used some of those created for the Android.

I haven't got any news if my first version has being approved or rejected. It seems that 
Google's department has being dismantled or have something better to do. Annoying.
It would be great if they have something average indication based on an internal queue to know
how long I will have to wait. Either way, I decided that they will rejected and I will never
be able to publish it there.

So, what is next? Firefox. I don't have to pay a penny. They have documentation. I'm 100%
sure that they will have requirements such as icons and such. Plus, I have being using 
Firefox more than Chrome latetly. I don't know why.

Another thing I haven't done was to create this using TDD. I did some investigation but 
it isn't traight forwards. I guess lack of practice is the root cause. I think that I should 
scrapt everything and start again from zero. Do it first for Firefox and then I can do it
for Chrome, after all they took 5 dollars from me. Either I get feedback, publish or I want 
my money back. Am I being unreasonable?
